<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<h:head>

</h:head>


<body onload="prettyPrint()">



<p></p><h2>Welcome to Spring AOP Tutorial. </h2>
<div id = "justconcepts">
<p> </p> Aspect oriented programming refers to a technique of programming around Aspects. 
<div class="line-separator"></div>

What is a Aspect ? 
<br></br>

Aspect help us breakdown cross cutting concerns. 


<p></p>

What are cross cutting concern ? 
<br></br>
Cross cutting concern is any functionality that affects multiple points of an application. 
logging is a  very good example.Transaction management is another , Security is one more.
<br></br>

</div>

<div class="line-separator"></div>

<div id = "justconcepts">

Let me provide an example : 

Lets say in a Big Train reservation application there are various modules 
<p></p>
1)  Book the Ticket <br></br>
2)  Validate the credit card <br></br>
3) process the payment <br></br>


</div>

<div class="line-separator"></div>
<div id = "justconcepts">

Each of these modules has some common Aspects ( Cross Cutting ). 
Common Aspects for 2 and 3 are securing the PCI Data. 
<br></br>
Common Aspects for 1 and 3 are Transaction management. 
<p></p>

What is Advice ? 
<br></br>
Answer : The Job the aspect does is an Advice . 
<br></br>
Example : In the above business Logging , Securing the PCI Data and Transaction management are all Advices. (Jobs) 
<br></br>
Advice defines  WHAT ( Logging ) the aspect has to do  and WHEN (After a specific business method ). 
<br></br>
</div>

<div class="line-separator"></div>
<div id = "justconcepts">
<p></p>
The WHEN part of the  the Advice can be of different Types 
<br></br>
1) Before—The advice functionality takes place before the advised method is invoked. 
<br></br>
2) After—The advice functionality takes place after the advised method completes.irrespective of the outcome 
<br></br>
3) After-returning—The advice functionality takes place after the advised method successfully completes. 
<br></br>
4) After-throwing—The advice functionality takes place after the advised method throws an exception. 
<br></br>
5) Around—The advice wraps the advised method, providing some functionality before and after the advised method is invoked. 
<br></br>

</div>
<div class="line-separator"></div>

<div id = "justconcepts">

What is Join Point ? 
<br></br>
A join point is a point in the execution of the application where an aspect can be plugged in. 
This point could be a  method that is invoked , Or an  exception that is being  thrown. 
<p></p>

What is a Point cuts  ? <br></br>
Pointcut are expressions that is matched with join points to determine whether advice needs to be executed or not. <br></br>
Pointcut uses different kinds of expressions that are matched with the join points 
and Spring framework uses the AspectJ pointcut expression language.

<p></p>
What is weaving ?  
<br></br>
Weaving is the process of applying aspects to a target object to create a new proxied object. 


<p></p>

</div>


<div class="line-separator"></div>


<div id = "justconcepts">
Spring AOP Configuration elements : 
 <p></p>
&lt;aop:advisor&gt;  : Defines a Spring AOP Advisor  <br></br>
 
&lt;aop:after&gt; : Defines an AOP after advice (regardless of whether the advised method returns successfully). 
  <br></br>
&lt;aop:around&gt; Defines an AOP around advice. 
  <br></br>
&lt;aop:after-returning&gt; Defines an AOP after-returning advice. 
 <br></br>
 
&lt;aop:after-throwing&gt; Defines an AOP after-throwing advice. 

  <br></br>
&lt;aop:aspect&gt; Defines an aspect. 

  <br></br>
&lt;aop:aspectj-autoproxy&gt; Enables annotation-driven aspects using @AspectJ. 

  <br></br>
&lt;aop:before&gt; Defines an AOP before advice. 
 <br></br>
 
&lt;aop:config&gt; The The top-level AOP element. Most &lt;aop:*&gt; elements must be con- tained within &lt;aop:config&gt;. 

  <br></br>
&lt;aop:declare-parents&gt; Introduces additional interfaces to advised objects that are trans- parently implemented. 
 <br></br>
 
&lt;aop:pointcut&gt; Defines a pointcut. 
 <br></br>


</div>




<div class="line-separator"></div>


Continue to ..
	<h:form>
		<p:commandLink id="Spring-Aspect-Examples"
			action="#{springnavigationController.showspringaopexample}" ajax="false"
			value="spring-aopexamples">
			<h:outputText value="spring-aopexamples" />
		</p:commandLink>

	</h:form>

<div class="line-separator"></div>

<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
	<script type="text/javascript">
		var disqus_shortname = 'willcode4coffee';
		(function() {
			var dsq = document.createElement('script');
			dsq.type = 'text/javascript';
			dsq.async = true;
			dsq.src = '//' + disqus_shortname + '.disqus.com/embed.js';
			(document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0] || document
					.getElementsByTagName('body')[0]).appendChild(dsq);
		})();
	</script>
	<noscript>
		Please enable JavaScript to view the <a
			href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments
			powered by Disqus.</a>
	</noscript>

</body>

</html>


